First PR for bottomline record and replay integration (#1625)
DataDog/integrations-extras: bottomline_recordandreplay/README.md

# Bottomline Mainframe Record and Replay

## Overview

> Bottomline's Mainframe Record and Replay solution is non-invasive in its capability to monitor 3270/5250 users via network traffic.  Bottomline helps customers monitor users and systems in ways more advanced than traditional approaches with our industry leading Fraud and Financial Crime solutions.

Reviewer: This should differ from the Marketplace listing. Please add
1. What does this integration do in 1-2 sentences.
2. What will customers get from this integration

### Monitoring Capabilities

1. Mainframe Users: Record and Replay the users session and log information about what the user did in the session.
2. Mainframe: User Response Time
3. Mainframe: Resource Response Time 

### Monitors

> 1. Bottomline Mainframe Resource has a Problem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration includes a monitor that reports when a Mainframe Resource is experiencing a problem.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][2] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

```

### Dashboards

> 1. Bottomline Record and Replay Overview

Reviewer: Perhaps you can describe this dashboard in a little more detail

## Setup

Follow the step-by-step instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. 

### Prerequisites

The following items are all required for this integration to run as intended:
  - You must have the Datadog Agent installed and running.
  - Access to the server running the Datadog Agent for installing Bottomline's Record and Replay and to modify the Datadog Agent configurations.
  - A supported database (Oracle or Postgres).
  - A windows desktop to install Bottomline's Enterprise Manager for configuring Record and Replay.

### Setup

> If you have not purchased Bottomline's Record and Replay, please see our marketplace listing to which includes the product and integration, [click here](/account/settings#marketplace/bottomline-mainframe).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not already a customer of Bottomline, visit [Bottomline's Marketplace listing][3] to purchase a license.
```

If you need to set up an integration so that data is shared between Datadog and Bottomline, [click here](https://github.com/nbk96f1/datadog/tree/main/Documentation).

## Support

> For support or feature requests, contact Bottomline through the following channels:
> 
> - Support: Andrew.Leon@bottomline.com
> - Sales: Andrew.Leon@bottomline.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For support or feature requests, contact Bottomline at [Andrew.Leon@bottomline.com](mailto:Andrew.Leon@bottomline.com).

```

> For support or feature requests, contact Bottomline at [partner.cfrm@bottomline.com](mailto:partner.cfrm@bottomline.com).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For support or feature requests, contact [Bottomline][5].
```

> [1]: https://www.bottomline.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://www.bottomline.com/
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/bottomline_recordandreplay/metadata.csv
[3]: /account/settings#marketplace/bottomline-mainframe
```

> [3]: /marketplace/app/bottomline-mainframe

Reviewer 3: This url actually has to be an absolute url for now
```suggestion
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/marketplace/app/bottomline-mainframe
```

> [4]: https://github.com/nbk96f1/datadog/tree/main/Documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[4]: https://github.com/nbk96f1/datadog/tree/main/Documentation
[5]: mailto:partner.cfrm@bottomline.com
```

# Bottomline Mainframe Record and Replay

## Overview

> This free intgration is for existing Bottomline and Datadog customers.  The integration creates a logger in Bottomline's Record and Replay using a pre-built JSON message format which can then be sent to Datadog using the standard agent. 
> 
> Bottomline's Mainframe Record and Replay solution is non-invasive in its capability to monitor 3270/5250 users via network traffic.  Bottomline helps customers monitor users and systems in ways more advanced than traditional approaches with our industry leading Fraud and Financial Crime solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bottomline's Mainframe Record and Replay solution is non-invasive in its capability to monitor 3270/5250 users via network traffic.  Bottomline helps customers monitor users and systems in ways more advanced than traditional approaches with our industry leading Fraud and Financial Crime solutions.

This integration is for existing Bottomline and Datadog customers, creates a logger in Bottomline's Record and Replay using a pre-built JSON message format, which can then be sent to Datadog using the standard agent. 
```

### Monitoring Capabilities

1. Mainframe Users: Record and Replay the users session and log information about what the user did in the session.
2. Mainframe: User Response Time
3. Mainframe: Resource Response Time 

### Monitors

> This integration includes a monitor that reports when a Mainframe Resource is experiencing a problem.
> ### Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration includes a monitor that reports when a Mainframe Resource is experiencing a problem.

### Metrics
```

See [metadata.csv][2] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Dashboards

1. Bottomline Record and Replay Overview: This dashboard gives visibility into what resources are being used, resource performance, user activity, security events, and system monitors.

## Setup

Follow the step-by-step instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. 

### Prerequisites

The following items are all required for this integration to run as intended:
  - You must have the Datadog Agent installed and running.
  - Access to the server running the Datadog Agent for installing Bottomline's Record and Replay and to modify the Datadog Agent configurations.
  - A supported database (Oracle or Postgres).
  - A windows desktop to install Bottomline's Enterprise Manager for configuring Record and Replay.

### Setup

If you are not already a customer of Bottomline, visit [Bottomline's Marketplace listing][3] to purchase a license.

> If you need to set up an integration so that data is shared between Datadog and Bottomline, [click here](https://github.com/nbk96f1/datadog/tree/main/Documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions outlined [here][4] to install the integration.
```

## Support
For support or feature requests, contact Bottomline at [Andrew.Leon@bottomline.com](mailto:Andrew.Leon@bottomline.com).

[1]: https://www.bottomline.com/
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/bottomline_recordandreplay/metadata.csv

> [3]: /account/settings#marketplace/bottomline-mainframe
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[3]: /account/settings#marketplace/bottomline-mainframe
[4]: https://github.com/nbk96f1/datadog/tree/main/Documentation
```

# Bottomline Mainframe Record and Replay

## Overview

Bottomline's Mainframe Record and Replay solution is non-invasive in its capability to monitor 3270/5250 users via network traffic.  Bottomline helps customers monitor users and systems in ways more advanced than traditional approaches with our industry leading Fraud and Financial Crime solutions.

This integration is for existing Bottomline and Datadog customers, creates a logger in Bottomline's Record and Replay using a pre-built JSON message format, which can then be sent to Datadog using the standard agent. 

### Monitoring Capabilities

> 1. Mainframe Users: Record and Replay the users session and log information about what the user did in the session.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Mainframe Users: Record and Replay the user's session and log information about what the user did in the session.
```

2. Mainframe: User Response Time

> 3. Mainframe: Resource Response Time 

Reviewer 4: I would suggest changing the description to a full sentence for consistency and clarity. For example, "Mainframe: Record the user's response time."

> 3. Mainframe: Resource Response Time 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bottomline's Mainframe Record and Replay solution is non-invasive in its capability to monitor 3270/5250 users via network traffic to help customers monitor users and systems.

With this integration, you can monitor Bottomline's' Record and Replay sessions in Datadog to provide visibility into resource utilization, resource performance, user activity, security events, and system monitors. Customers can also directly access user session replays through Datadog.
```

Author: udpated.

Reviewer 2: Hi @nbk96f1 it looks like the monitor section wasn't removed. As a quick note (you may already know this), you can commit the suggestions we make so it updates our suggestions automatically instead of having to manually type them out! :)

Author: yes - for some reason this one particular instance wouldn't let me use the submit suggestion.  :)

### Monitors

This integration includes a monitor that reports when a Mainframe Resource is experiencing a problem.

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][2] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Dashboards

> 1. Bottomline Record and Replay Overview: This dashboard gives visibility into what resources are being used, resource performance, user activity, security events, and system monitors.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Bottomline Record and Replay Overview**: This dashboard gives visibility into what resources are being used, resource performance, user activity, security events, and system monitors.
```

## Setup

Follow the step-by-step instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. 

### Prerequisites

> The following items are all required for this integration to run as intended:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following items are required for this integration to run as intended:
```

  - You must have the Datadog Agent installed and running.
  - Access to the server running the Datadog Agent for installing Bottomline's Record and Replay and to modify the Datadog Agent configurations.
  - A supported database (Oracle or Postgres).

>   - A windows desktop to install Bottomline's Enterprise Manager for configuring Record and Replay.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - A Windows desktop to install Bottomline's Enterprise Manager for configuring Record and Replay.
```

### Setup

If you are not already a customer of Bottomline, visit [Bottomline's Marketplace listing][3] to purchase a license.

Follow the instructions outlined [here][4] to install the integration.

## Support

> For support or feature requests, contact Bottomline at [Andrew.Leon@bottomline.com](mailto:Andrew.Leon@bottomline.com).

Author: as indicated in the other section... we will setup a generic email at some point in the near future.  But, takes time to setup.  So, starting with individual.

[1]: https://www.bottomline.com/
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/bottomline_recordandreplay/metadata.csv

> [3]: /account/settings#marketplace/bottomline-mainframe

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[3]: /marketplace/app/bottomline-mainframe
```
